{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs26 \cf0 August 7, 2014
\fs24 \

\fs26 111 N Rengstorff Ave Mountain View, CA 94043 \
Phone: (412)-265-5267 \
Email: yi.ma@sv.cmu.edu\
Dear Hiring Manager,
\fs24 \

\fs26 I am writing to apply for the position of Software Engineer, as posted on Cisco Career. With hands-on experience of developing Applications during courses and internship, I am able to design Applications from scratch, deliver it independently or cooperate with others for more complicated products. And I have solid foundation of classic machine learning algorithms and Deep Neural Network, as well as basic understanding of algorithm parallelization on GPUs.
\fs24 \

\fs26 I place high value on code reusability and maintainability. I separate and wrap functions to make my own api and helper functions, which allows easily changing features that can adapt to different requirements. Strike a balance between using fancy features and clear, intuitive layouts is another aspect that I pay high attention to, to create appealing and easy-to-use UI Design.
\fs24 \

\fs26 I am very passionate about Machine Learning algorithms. However, being a data engineer and a system engineer requires two different thinking pattern, and making a tradeoff between accuracy and real-time requirement is not a easy job. So utilizing machine learning algorithm to build intelligent and personalized mobile apps is one future aspect that interests me a lot.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Also, as an outgoing girl who always care about everyone in the team, I would like to contribute to maintain- ing a communicative and harmonious team culture that gives me a sense of belonging.
\fs24 \

\fs26 Thank you very much for your time and consideration! \
Sincerely yours,
\fs24 \

\fs26 Yi Ma
\fs24 \
\
}